
<!-- Forked codepen below--> 
https://codepen.io/kayan-williams/pen/YzwPERB?editors=1000



<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
Is a markup lauguage used for giving meaning and structure to a website.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
structuring websites which is the foundation for every website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribute provides specific value to a website which usually statm with name="value" and a found in HTML markup

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 tag display is the most important in h1 to h6 and is usually used one in a webpaghe for title or specific markup

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
href and src has required attributes

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<title>, <style>, <meta>, <link>, <script>, and <base> are all added to the head of HTML document.

    7. What is an id? 
Are unique and specifies a specific HTML element 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
An element that is usually important and specific on the page where you only use it once

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
You should only use id once 

    10. What is a class? 
Classes are used to style HTML element which can have specific names

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Classes are mostly used with div but can also be use with other elements on the page

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Use can use classes multiple times on a page

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Using target="_blank" with href link will allow your link to open in a new page

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
Is used to provide information for an image

    15. How do I reference an id?
Use # and then id name to reference in css

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
The section tage difine section in an HTML document where the div simple divided the document

    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used for styling a wev page

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
To select and element in CSS we simply type the elements name like h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
An Id is only used once for example to give color to a specific title and a class can be used multiple times for example to display color an style to multiple sections of the web page

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
Classes a selected with a . and the class name

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
The element is selected as follow .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
The child selector is nested in the parent selector and is usefull for specificity

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
If the links are neted in the dive of sidebar we can simply use .sidebar to select

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo selector is used to give classes specific functionality

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    We can use the line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    we can use the letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    We use the text-transform property

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: dotted 1px black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    Use the universal selector *{} 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    We use and open /* and close*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    Use ls to list the file

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm is used to delete file and we must be carefull becaus it deletes without notice

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    version control helps teams collaborate on specific projects without changing the Master file

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every time you get a chance or stepping aways from your computer

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push origin

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
 Create your own version of this repo - Fork
 Add your TL as a collaborator
 Clone this repo
 Create a branch git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
 Add a file to the project called yourFirstName-yourLastName.txt. 
 Run your git commands for adding/committing and pushing Be sure to push to your branch!
 Create a Pull-Request to submit your work
 Use your own student fork as the base (compare across forks, base-fork -> master).
 Add your TL as a reviewer on the Pull-Request
 TL then will count the Assignment as done by merging the HW back into master "STUDENT FORK".





   -->                                                       